===============
JOB Description
===============

Building for scale, rapid iteractive development, and customer-centric product thinking at each step define every day for a Zepto engineer. 
If building technology that impacts millions, brainstorming with some of the best minds in the country, executing at lightning speed, 
product-driven thinking, and owning your work from start to finish excites you, then Zepto is the right place for you.

Responsibilities:

Develop high-quality Javascript (ES6) code for our React-based web applications.
Coordinate with backend engineers to establish JSON-based APIs
Optimise application for maximum speed and compatibility
Integrating third-party dependencies and debugging dependency conflicts
Incorporate engineering best practices, methodologies, and standards in all deliverables
Figma Mockup Follow
Recommendations for UI/UX

Requirements:
1+ year experience
React JS
React JS Issues & Contribution to Library
Optimization
ES6+ Syntax & Typescript
Unit tests => Jest
Web Crashes & Bugs Monitoring & Tracking using Advanced Tools
High Ownership & commitment
Ground Up, Fun to Work With


Q1. Why do you want to leave your current job?

I am grateful for the opportunity provided by the Robin team and they deserve the credit for whatever I have learned.
However, the company has entered a stable phase. The products are mature and the hunger is missing somewhat. While that's not necessarily a bad thing, 
I am at that stage of the career wherein I want to put in the hours and tackle new challenges on a day to day basis.
While I have enjoyed my time here and have learned almost everything that I know, I think I have reached a point where both the company and me 
cannot contribute any more. One major driving factor is the direction of the company, as in, there's not as much focus on the UI as I would have liked.
I feel that in a company like Zepto, the UI simply cannot play second fiddle. It has to be upto the mark, and I'm excited to work in such an environment where
my contributions matter more. 

[RESEARCH] Q2. Why Zepto?
- We deliver fast and are growing faster.   
- As I said, UI can make or break Zepto
- customer-centric, end to end ownership
- I really like the theme :p

Q3. What are your strengths and weaknesses?
1. Strong Logical Thinking -> Analyze Complex Problems, Break them Down into Smaller Parts, and Develop Effective Solutions
2. Organizaed -> Highly Organized, Memory Maps,
3. Good Teacher -> Explaining stuff, analogies

Weaknesses:
1. I'm good at catching mistakes, for eg, on PRs. So that can come across as Critical.
   But I am aware of it ofcourse, and I am working on it to share my views without making the other person feel something they shouldn't.
2. Overthinking & Organizing can slow me down, but I am working on it by trusting my initial gut more.

Q4. 5 Year and 10 Year Plans 
In 5 years,
I want to have complete domain expertise in Frontend and be able to lead my own team.
Apart from that, I want to keep learning continuously, regarding both, the latest developments in the Frontend World as well as outside of my domain.

In 10 years,
I see myself at a senior leadership role wherein I can influence strategic decisions of the company and drive significant projects.

Q5. What feature would you like to see in Zepto?
In terms of the actual App, I can't think of anything right now. It's top notch. 
One thing I would like to point out about is the coporate website. 
I think it can be much better, it can depict more of the story of Zepto, it's vision and mission.
Currently, I think it redirects to Medium wherein I couldn't find that much content. 

One thing that I particularly loved was the recipes section, where in you can just buy ingredients that you don't have.


Q6. Biggest Challenge Faced Till Now
There have been many challenges faced, be it tight deadlines or complex features and limited manpower. However, one particular instance
stands out the most to me:
- Milicore support in GUI => 10+ Pages just to add decimal support to checkbox => Took a month including testing for a very minor change.
- Two simultaneous servers => httpd proxies => 1 PHP, 1 Vue.js => Update the router file => keep styling consistent

Q7. Things you liked most and hated most at your current company
- Like the most: 
  - It's an open environment, so I get to choose what features that I can work on. Access to entire codebase of backend as well.
  - Knowledge transfer sessions
- Hated the most:
  - First year was entirely remote => that's the worst thing that can happen to a fresher imo
  - Importance of GUI 

Q8. Tell me about a situation where you received critical feedback?
- In my first year at my previous job, I was still getting accustomed to the workflow and was hesitant to ask question,
  fearing they might be perceived as 'stupid'. 
- When I was assigned a feature to develop, I started working on it immediately based on my incomplete understanding of the requirements. 
- It led to regressions and delays becauese of these bugs.
- As it was a pretty basic mistake, my manager was a bit confused, and she asked if I was not aware of it. When I confessed, 
  she just laughed a bit and explained me everything from scratch.


Q9. Tell me about a situation where you managed a conflict with your manager or seniors
- Backend manager wanted us to work twice => once for the demo, once actual
- Sat through, professionally, explained why it would be a bad idea. No one touches it afterwards, it was agreed.

Q10. Tell me about your past achievements
- Workplace: Presentation on LDAP, Linting, Erasure Coding.
- College: Badminton Team Captain, 10/10 CGPA in First Year

Q11. Expectations out of this role
- Zepto delivers fast and is growing faster, and I just want to be a part of this growth story.
- I expect to work at a place where UI matters, newest technologies are used and a dynamic work environment.
- Solving problems of common people with a customer-centric approach & ownership of end-to-end features 

Q12. Why sould we hire you?
I believe that I'm technically a very strong candidate and I am very quick learner. I have vast experience in building all kinds of web applications.
I always focus on learning the key underlying concepts, which allows me switch between technologies seamlessly. 
I am logical thinker and I can breakdown complex problems and find solutions. and I'm told that I'm a pretty good teacher, so I am efficient in knowledge sharing.
I always take initiative, and whatever work is assigned to me, I take full ownership and  go an extra mile if required to deliver it. 

All in all, I believe my strong technical skills, problem soliving skills and commitment to ownership make a an excellent candidate.

Q13. Tell me about a time when a project you worked on went wrong?


Q14. Tell me about a time you had to give someone a critical feedback
I had a situation last with one my teammates. I noticed that he kept asking the same question and his work wasn't upto to the standards.
So I schedule a call with him. I asked him why was this happening => I asked him to record the calls and go through the recording.
And also to check multiple ways to do something and why to choose which way.

Q15. How do you make sure you write quality code
While writing the code, I make sure to follow appropriate design patterns and the latest official documentation.
I start with something simple and keep on refactoring it. I add comments wherever necessary.
Follow coding standards => ES Lint and Prettier guidelines. Unit testing is pretty important. 
I think if you're unit tests are becoming too complex, then it's a sign of bad code.
I participate in code reviews => everyone reviews everyone else's code.

Q16. Tell me about a time you learn something outside of job
If Tech Related => Erasure Coding, openLDAP 
Non Tech => I spend a lot of time in learning about interesting geographical features and facts and watch videos on them.



11:08 - Conflict resolution
12:19 - Upskilling techniques
13:05 - Difficult situation in the project
15:35 - Project processes
18:25 - Job description awareness
18:55 - Handling mistakes
20:11 - Work prioritization
21:12 - Individual vs team work
22:05 - Stress management
22:53 - Not in resume
23:20 - Manager's feedback
24:05 - Best fit for the role
24:56 - Questions for interviewer
25:21 - Interview preparation tips
26:50 - Subscribe and upcoming videos